README.rst, before:

=====
users
=====

Formula to configure users via pillar.


.. note::

    See the full `Salt Formulas installation and usage instructions
    <http://docs.saltstack.com/topics/development/conventions/formulas.html>`_.

Available states
================

.. contents::
    :local:

``users``
---------

Configure a user's home directory, group, the user itself, secondary groups,
and associated keys. Also configures sudo access, and absent users.

``users.sudo``
--------------

Ensures the sudo group exists, the sudo package is installed and the sudo file
is configured.

``users.bashrc``
----------------

Ensures the bashrc file exists in the users home directory. Set manage_bashrc:
True in pillar per user. Defaults to False

``users.profile``
----------------

Ensures the profile file exists in the users home directory. Set manage_profile:
True in pillar per user. Defaults to False

``users.vimrc``
---------------

Ensures the vimrc file exists in the users home directory. Set manage_vimrc:
True in pillar per user. Defaults to False
This depends on the vim-formula to be installed

``users.user_files``
---------------

Permits the abitrary management of files. See pillar.example for configuration details.

Commit message:

custom bashrc support is added

README.rst, after:

=====
users
=====

Formula to configure users via pillar.


.. note::

    See the full `Salt Formulas installation and usage instructions
    <http://docs.saltstack.com/topics/development/conventions/formulas.html>`_.

Available states
================

.. contents::
    :local:

``users``
---------

Configure a user's home directory, group, the user itself, secondary groups,
and associated keys. Also configures sudo access, and absent users.

``users.sudo``
--------------

Ensures the sudo group exists, the sudo package is installed and the sudo file
is configured.

``users.bashrc``
----------------

Ensures the bashrc file exists in the users home directory. Set manage_bashrc:
True in pillar per user. Defaults to False
Variables bashrc_template and bashrc_template_format can be used to define bashrc
contents per user or globally via lookup dict (see <pillar.example>).

``users.profile``
----------------

Ensures the profile file exists in the users home directory. Set manage_profile:
True in pillar per user. Defaults to False

``users.vimrc``
---------------

Ensures the vimrc file exists in the users home directory. Set manage_vimrc:
True in pillar per user. Defaults to False
This depends on the vim-formula to be installed

``users.user_files``
---------------

Permits the abitrary management of files. See pillar.example for configuration details.
